Add a notice that Uptime will be off by default (#3890)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/uptime-intro.asciidoc

For browser-based monitors, a richer management and reporting experience,
and more capabilities such as triaging and responding to alerts, use the
<<monitor-uptime-synthetics,{synthetics-app}>> instead of the {uptime-app}.

> Note that {uptime-app} is no longer shown by default if there is no recent Heartbeat data. If you do not see {uptime-app} in the Observability menu, this will need to be enabled. This can be done under Kibana Advanced Settings by switching on _Always show legacy Uptime app_ (`observability:enableLegacyUptimeApp`).

Reviewer: @paulb-elastic Quick question: Should the setting (`observability:enableLegacyUptimeApp`) also be documented in the [Advanced Settings](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/advanced-options.html) topic in the Kibana docs?

Author: @dedemorton yes, indeed - this is an oversight on my part, I didn't know that existed.  I'll create a Kibana PR for those docs.  Thanks for the steer.  I'll mention the PR here once it's created.

Author: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/183613 raised

> Note that {uptime-app} is no longer shown by default if there is no recent Heartbeat data. If you do not see {uptime-app} in the Observability menu, this will need to be enabled. This can be done under Kibana Advanced Settings by switching on _Always show legacy Uptime app_ (`observability:enableLegacyUptimeApp`).

Reviewer: Let's align this description with the UI text that appears under Advanced Settings in the UI. This assumes we will be updating the Kibana docs too:
```suggestion
Note that the {uptime-app} is hidden from the interface when there is no recent {heartbeat} data. To see the app, you may need to turn on the **Always show legacy Uptime app** setting (`observability:enableLegacyUptimeApp`) under {kib} Advanced Settings. To learn how, refer to {kibana-ref}/advanced-options.html[Advanced Settings].
```

Author: Thanks @dedemorton - a much better suggestion
